remove the topic module from components


before it is released: 
1. admin cp must not be accessible to non privileged users
2. regular members must not be able to edit posts except their own ! DONE
3. setup should be easier, create an installation page to make installation more user friendly.
4. create and maintain documentation !DONE
5. usernames must not be case sensitive !DONE
6. do encryption within the application, instead of the database !DONE
7. don't use the response module, just route url to a error view


less important stuff:
1. when viewing a topic, the root post should only show the thread title, instead of the first post on every page.


admin cp stuff---
1. automatically generate slug on subcategory creation -> fix temporary hack



things that should be fixed before release, but not mandatory:
1. generate cleaner urls, instead of appending post ids to random ones



new shit:

1. set settings in the dev/pro.ini file, for variables such as threads per page, posts per page, etc.





----------------------- old shit:

to do:
    1. insure the user is authorized when doing stuff in the admin panel
    2. fix case sensitive usernames
    3. change how forums are organized. instead of just randomly, sort them from a sorting rank variable in the database. lowest number at top, highest number at bottom
    4. instead of utilizing postgresql's pgcrypto extension, do the encryption in the application, safer and it can be a hassle to setup pgcrypto for noobs (or maybe they are using a shared db or some shit and can't, i know you have to run a custom instance of postgresql on webfaction in order for you to use extensions)
     




 
 --  
psycopg2.ProgrammingError: function decrypt(bytea, unknown, unknown) does not exist
LINE 1: SELECT convert_from(decrypt(password, 'close but no guitar',...
                            ^
HINT:  No function matches the given name and argument types. You might need to add explicit type casts.
-- solution = create the pgcrypto extension

 # auto generate an encryption key at installation and store it in a seperate file
